**Kojo Links**

* The [Kojo home-page][1] provides user-level information about Kojo.
* The [Kojo issue-tracker][3] let's you file bug reports.
* The [Kojo Localization](localization.md) file tells you how to translate Kojo to your language.

**To start hacking:**

* Make sure you have Java 8 on your path. 
* Run `./sbt.sh clean package` to build Kojo.
* Run `./sbt.sh test` to run the Kojo unit tests.
* Run `./sbt.sh run` to run Kojo (use `net.kogics.kojo.lite.DesktopMain` as the main class)

**IDE setup**

* Intellij IDEA  
Import a new project via the Kojo SBT settings.

* Eclipse  
Run `./sbt.sh eclipse` to generate project files for Eclipse. Then import the newly generated project into Eclipse.

For running Kojo from within an IDE, the main class is `net.kogics.kojo.lite.DesktopMain`. For debugging, the main class is `net.kogics.kojo.lite.Main`. 

***Eclipse Notes***: You need to tweak the Eclipse project generated by sbt. Right-click on the project in Eclipse, bring up *Properties*, go to *Java Build Path*, and then go to *Libraries*. Remove the *Scala Library* and *Scala Compiler* containers, and add the Scala library and compiler jars (from your local Scala install, or cached sbt jars). Your project *Libraries* should now contain the following Scala jars:

* scala-library.jar
* scala-compiler.jar
* scala-reflect.jar
* scala-actors-xx.jar
* scala-parser-combinators-xx.jar
* scala-xml-xx.jar
* scala-swing-xx.jar
 

  [1]: http://www.kogics.net/kojo
  [3]: https://github.com/litan/kojo/issues
  
